                                                 Lease Term Extension Agreement
                                                                                   Account Number: 2415627694
May 22, 2026



 JIMMY HU

 320 W 38th St Apt 2427
 New York, NY, 10018




                                                    Vehicle Information

  2024        HYUNDAI                  Ioniq 5                       Vehicle Identification Number: KM8KNDDF9RU253237

  Motor Vehicle Lease Agreement Dated: 05/23/2024                             Account Number: 2415627694




Dear Customer(s):
At your request, we will agree to amend your above-identified Motor Vehicle Lease Agreement (“Lease”) as
follows:
1. Extension. Your Lease will be extended beyond its original scheduled maturity date (“Original Maturity Date”)
   on a month-to-month basis, up to the Maximum Maturity Date below provided the obligations under your
   Lease, such as monthly payments, late fees, or personal property taxes, if any, are current or, brought current
   as a condition to our agreement to extend your Lease’s Original Maturity Date. Up to the Maximum Maturity
   Date, you have the option to extend your Lease term on a month-to-month basis by continuing to pay your
   monthly payments of $314 (may not include estimated monthly sales/use taxes, which may vary depending
   on your address) due in advance on the 23 day of each month, where you keep the above-identified
   vehicle (“Vehicle”) during the monthly period you choose to extend. If you do not intend to extend your
   Lease term beyond the monthly period you paid, you must return the Vehicle before the next month’s
   payment due date or you will be billed for the following month’s Lease term extension payment. You
   must call us at (844) 363-7477 to make arrangements before returning the Vehicle.

         Maximum Months Extended: 6                 Maximum Maturity Date: 11/23/2026

2. Termination, Wear, Mileage and Excess Mileage. As set forth in your Lease, you may be charged for
   excessive wear based on the Lessor’s standards for normal use and for mileage in excess of the annual
   mileage allowance. Excessive wear will be evaluated and charged according to the Lessor’s standards for
   normal use at the termination of this Lease.
     For each month after the Original Maturity Date that you keep the Vehicle beyond the payment due date, the
     mileage before charges for excess mileage begins increases by 1/12th of the annual mileage allowance set
     forth in your Lease. The per mileage rate for excess mileage in your Lease remains unchanged.
     If your Lease terminates after the Original Maturity Date but before the Maximum Maturity Date, for any
     reason, the Early Termination provisions of your Lease will not apply and the termination shall be treated as a
     full-maturity termination under your Lease, except that: charges for excess mileage will be determined as set
     forth in this Agreement; and, if termination is due to default, you will also owe us all of our expenses related to
     the repossession and storage of the vehicle.
3. Purchase Option. After the Original Maturity Date, you still have the option to purchase the Vehicle at or
   before the Maximum Maturity Date in accordance with the Lease terms relating to purchase of the Vehicle at
   end of the lease term, except any monthly payments you make during the extended lease term (excluding the
   portions allocable to taxes and rent) will be deducted from the Vehicle purchase price. Any applicable official
   fees, such as tax, title, license and registration, and other amounts remaining due under your Lease will also

10515.3.08/05/2021
                                                                                                                Page 1 of 4
                                                 Lease Term Extension Agreement
                                                                                   Account Number: 2415627694

     be due upon purchase of the Vehicle. If you exercise your purchase option, you will not owe Lessor for
     excess mileage or excess wear but you will owe any purchase option fee set forth in your Lease. Please call
     us at (855) 537-8542 for a purchase option quote.
     If you wish to purchase and/or register the Vehicle in one of the following states, you must purchase it from a
     participating Hyundai dealership, or any other licensed vehicle dealership to which we agree, and the
     dealership may charge you a document preparation fee, inspection fee or other fee(s), as may be limited by
     state law: CO, DC, FL, HI, IN, PA, SC, or SD. We do not set the amount of those fees and do not receive any
     portion of them.
4. Insurance. Your obligation to maintain insurance required under the Lease remains in effect. Lessor may
   require you to produce an insurance certificate or other proof of insurance through the New Scheduled
   Termination Date as a condition of this Lease Term Extension Agreement.
5. Monthly Payments. When you make your monthly payment, you are paying to extend your Lease term for
   the entire monthly period paid. If you return the Vehicle before the next billing due date, your monthly
   payment will not be prorated.
6. Other Products. If you purchased a vehicle service contract, extended warranty, credit insurance, excess
   wear and tear coverage or other products or services with the Lease, you may not be covered after the
   Original Maturity Date. You must contact the insurance company, administrator or other provider of the
   product or service to purchase additional coverage, if available.
7. Arbitration Provision. Your Lease shall be subject to the following arbitration provision:
                                                 MANDATORY ARBITRATION
                                                  IMPORTANT INFORMATION
                                  PLEASE REVIEW THIS IMPACTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS


            A. Agreement to Arbitrate. In the event of a claim or dispute between you and us (including our
            respective agents, employees, officers, directors, affiliates, subsidiaries and parents) (“we” or “us”),
            whether in contract, tort, statute, or otherwise, arising under or relating to this Lease or the Leased
            Vehicle, your experience with us, or any resulting transaction or relationship, the claim or dispute must
            be resolved by binding arbitration, as described below, instead of in court. Any claim or dispute (except
            for a claim challenging the Class Action Waiver below) must be resolved by binding arbitration if either
            side requests it, including a claim challenging the validity or enforceability of this Agreement to
            Arbitrate. THIS MEANS IF EITHER YOU OR WE CHOOSE ARBITRATION, NEITHER PARTY
            SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE SUCH CLAIM IN COURT OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL.
            ALSO, DISCOVERY AND APPEAL RIGHTS ARE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.
            B. CLASS ACTION WAIVER. ARBITRATION MUST BE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. THIS MEANS
            IF A DISPUTE WERE ARBITRATED, YOU WOULD GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS
            A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER ON ANY CLASS CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE
            AGAINST US INCLUDING ANY RIGHT TO CLASS ARBITRATION OR ANY CONSOLIDATION OF
            INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS OR IN A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL CAPACITY.
            C. Only a court, and not an arbitrator, shall determine the validity and effect of the Class Action
            Waiver. Even if all parties have opted to litigate a claim in court, you or we may elect arbitration with
            respect to any claim made by a new party or any new claims later asserted in that lawsuit.
            D. Your Right to Go To Small Claims Court. We will not choose to arbitrate any claim you bring in
            small claims court. However, if such a claim is transferred, removed or appealed to a different court,
            we may then choose to arbitrate.
            E. Self-Help Rights. Neither you or us waive any rights to seek self-help remedies, such as
            repossession or replevin of our respective property.
            F. Governing Law and Rules. This Agreement to Arbitrate is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act
            (FAA). Arbitration must proceed only with the American Arbitration Association (AAA) or JAMS, or any
            organization that you choose subject to our approval. The rules for the arbitration will be those in this
10515.3.08/05/2021
                                                                                                                 Page 2 of 4
                                                 Lease Term Extension Agreement
                                                                                       Account Number: 2415627694

            Agreement to Arbitrate and the procedures of the chosen arbitration organization. For a copy of each
            organization’s procedures, to file a claim or for other information, please contact:
                                               AAA at www.adr.org; 800-778-7879
                                           JAMS at www.jamsadr.com; 800-352-5267


            G. Fees and Costs. If you wish to begin arbitration against us but you cannot afford to pay the
            organization’s or arbitrator’s costs, we will advance those costs if you ask us in writing. Any request
            like this should be sent to Hyundai Capital America, Attn: Legal Department, 3161 Michelson Dr., 19th
            Floor, Irvine, CA 92612. If you lose the arbitration, the arbitrator will decide whether you must
            reimburse us for money we advanced for you for the arbitration. If you win the arbitration, we will not
            ask for reimbursement of money we advanced. Additionally, if you win the arbitration, the arbitrator
            may decide that you are entitled to be reimbursed your reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs (if
            actually paid by you).
            H. Hearings and Decisions. The arbitration hearing shall be conducted in the federal district in which
            you reside unless the Dealer is a party to the claim or dispute, in which case the hearing will be held in
            the federal district where this contract was executed. A single arbitrator will be appointed.
            I. Arbitrator Requirements. The arbitrator must: (i) Be a retired judge or justice of any state or federal
            court; (ii) Proceed with the arbitration under the procedural rules of the FAA; (iii) Follow all applicable
            substantive law of the governing law set forth in Section 26.P of the Lease (“Governing Law”) without
            regard to such Governing Law’s choice of laws principles, except when contradicted by the FAA; (iv)
            Follow applicable statutes of limitations set forth in the Governing Law; (v) Honor valid claims of
            privilege; and (vi) Issue a written decision including the reasons for the award.
            J. Final Decision and Appeal. The arbitrator’s award will be final and binding on all parties, except
            that in the event the arbitrator’s award for a party is $0 or against a party is in excess of $100,000, or
            includes an award of injunctive relief against a party, that party may appeal to a new appellate
            arbitrator. The appeal must be filed with the arbitration organization not later than 30 days after the
            original award issues and the appealing party must pay all appellate costs, unless the appellate
            arbitrator determines otherwise as part of its award. If you are unable to pay the appellate arbitrator’s
            costs, we will advance those costs, if you ask us in writing, as set forth in Section 7.G of this
            Addendum. Any arbitration award may be enforced (such as through a judgment) in any court with
            jurisdiction. If any part of this Agreement to Arbitrate is deemed or found to be unenforceable for any
            reason (except as set forth in the following sentence), the remainder shall remain enforceable.
            However, if the Class Action Waiver above is deemed or found to be unenforceable for any reason,
            this entire Agreement to Arbitrate will be deemed unenforceable.


8. General. The definitions set forth above shall apply to this Agreement. All other terms defined in the Lease
   have the same meanings when used in this Agreement. Except as expressly modified above, all other terms
   and conditions of the Lease remain in effect.




                                                                                                 Hyundai Motor Finance

                                                         as servicer and attorney-in-fact for Hyundai Lease Titling Trust




10515.3.08/05/2021
                                                                                                                            Page 3 of 4
                                                                         Lease Term Extension Agreement
                                                                                                                           Account Number: 2415627694


TO BE EFFECTIVE, WE MUST (1) RECEIVE THIS FULLY SIGNED AGREEMENT WITHIN 5 DAYS AFTER THE ABOVE DATE , (2) ANY
OUTSTANDING PAYMENT(S) REQUIRED TO BRING YOUR LEASE CURRENT, AND (3) THE INITIAL EXTENSION PAYMENT PAID
      IN FULL. IN THE EVENT LESSOR DOES NOT RECEIVE THE ABOVE ITEMS AS STATED, THE LEASE TERM EXTENSION
  AGREEMENT IS INEFFECTIVE, NULL AND VOID, AND YOU WILL REMAIN OLBIGATED UNDER THE TERMS OF THE LEASE.
                        EMAIL TO LEST@HCAMERICA.COM OR FAX TO 972-590-3995 OR MAIL TO
                            ATTN: LEST 6100 W PLANO PKWY SUITE 2000, PLANO, TX 75093




                                                                        NOTICE TO CONSUMER:
             1. Do not sign this agreement before you read it. 2. You are entitled to a copy of this Agreement.




  LESSEE SIGNATURES (check if other than individual(s)                                  CORPORATION                    PARTNERSHIP                  LLC OR LLP



              Jimmy Hu
  By:        Jimmy Hu (May 22, 2026 00:50:29 EDT)                                            By:

  Name: JIMMY HU                                                                             Name:

  Date: May 22, 2026                                                                         Date:




  “Notice is hereby given that the rights, but not the obligations, of Hyundai Lease Titling Trust (“HLTT”) under the sale agreement for the asset described in this agreement have
                                       been assigned to HCA Exchange, Inc. pursuant to an agreement between HLTT and HCA Exchange, Inc.”




 10515.3.08/05/2021
                                                                                                                                                                        Page 4 of 4
